Update project URLs & Updated actions versions (#4)
gh-metrics/metrics: README.md

# 📊 Metrics [<img src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=280144&theme=dark" alt="" align="right" width="190" height="41">](https://www.producthunt.com/posts/github-metrics?utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_source=badge-github-metrics)

> This is a fork on Simon Lecoq's fantastic lowlighter/metrics project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a maintenance fork of Simon Lecoq's fantastic [lowlighter/metrics](https://github.com/lowlighter/metrics/issues) project.
```
